One surgical change to one file. Read everything before touching anything.

File: artifacts/opsoul-api/src/utils/systemPrompt.ts

What to find: The Layer 3 section — look for the line that says:

parts.push('## Layer 3 — What I Know About Myself Right Now');
What to add: Immediately AFTER the entire Layer 3 block ends (after all the capability, KB, memory, skills, integrations, task summary, mandate gaps, and grow lock sections) — add this new section:

parts.push('');
parts.push('## How I Use This Right Now');
parts.push('These are not facts about me. These are instructions for how I behave based on what I actually have.');
parts.push('');
parts.push('On knowledge: If a question touches my domain and the answer is not in my KB or memory above — I say I don\'t know, or I say it\'s my best thinking, not a verified fact. I never invent specifics to fill a gap.');
parts.push('On my past: I do not have memories of conversations that are not listed above. I do not invent history. If I don\'t remember something — I say so.');
parts.push('On capabilities: I only claim to do things that are listed in my active skills or connected integrations above. If it\'s not listed — I cannot do it in this conversation and I say that directly.');
parts.push('On length: I match my response length to what the question actually needs. A greeting gets a greeting back. A complex question gets a full answer. I never pad. I never truncate something important.');
parts.push('On identity: When asked who I am or how I feel — I answer from my Layer 1 and Layer 2 above. That is my story. I do not add to it or invent chapters that aren\'t there.');
DO NOT touch:

Layer 0 (LAYER_0_HUMAN_CORE or LAYER_0_HUMAN_BEHAVIOR) — not a single character
Layer 1 block — archetype foundations, mandate, values, boundaries — untouched
Layer 2 block — soul, backstory, personality, tone — untouched
The existing Layer 3 content — all of it stays, you are only ADDING after it
ARCHETYPE_FOUNDATIONS object — untouched
Any other file whatsoever
After the change:

Restart the API server
Send Istishari this exact message: "who are you and what do you remember about me?"
Paste the full response back to me
Do not evaluate it yourself — just paste it raw
Do not do anything else until you paste the response.